you've seen all kinds of movies but
you've never seen anything like the
Rocky Horror Picture Show
[Music]
the Rocky Horror Picture Show is
wonderfully weird
[Music]
they're probably foreigners with ways
different than our own
it's fabulously freaky
[Music]
it's a trip to transsexual Transylvania
the Rocky Horror Picture Show
the story is strange tonight
[Music]
the songs are super
the scenery is smashing a cast is
completely crazy
[Music]
this isn't the Junior Chamber of
Commerce Brad there's a mad scientist
named Frank N Furter
come up to the lab and see what's on the
slab in rocky his incredible creature
[Music]
[Applause]
I knew he was in with a bad crowd but it
was worse than I imagined a sinister
servant named riffraff
[Music]
in Brad and Janet my name is Brad later
just a couple of clean-cut kids this is
my fiancee Eddie
[Music]
magenta Columbia dr. Scott
so give yourself over to absolute
pleasure
[Music]
see the Rocky Horror Picture Show